Fix bug in "Quickstart: Build your first Orleans app with ASP.NET Core" (#35837)
dotnet/docs: docs/orleans/quickstarts/build-your-first-orleans-app.md

1. Inside Visual Studio Code, open the [integrated terminal](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/integrated-terminal).

> 1. Change directories (`cd`) to the project directory.

Reviewer: "project directory" here could be confusing, since the following dotnet new command will create the project directory. I think the original "directory that will contain the project directory" would be clearer.

> 1. Change directories (`cd`) to the project directory.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Change directories (`cd`) directory that will contain the project.
```
